Dialogue for the game to be kept:

NOTE:
-----
This file contains a rough draft of the story and the messages
posted here are examples of what we should send to the player.


Introduction:
-------------
You are a prisoner that has been ordered by the fascist state
to hunt down crystals essential for their empire. The
guards pushed you out of the truck ordering you to mine or
be executed. The dark forest is known to be as a no mans land
as prisoners ordered to mine have never returned.

Mined the first crystal:
------------------------
You have mined and found the first crystal. Though something seems off.
The forest seems unusually quiet and the crows that produced the only
sound apart from your footsteps seem to die down. You believe that you
should return with what you have? Would you?

Mined the second and third crystals:
------------------------------------
Another crystal has been found! However, as you much as you want to be
proud of your work, your situation pulls you back. Knowing how the 
empire has been known to punish prisoners severely as well as the
rumor of prisoners being transferred somewhere else once their sentences
are up. Will you return with what you have?

Mined the fourth crystal:
-------------------------
Something seems off about the situation. As you have almost completed
your tasks, some whispers can be heard. You tried to decipher what is
being said however it is futile as the language spoken seems inhuman.
The fog seems to be getting darker which results in the whispers getting
louder. You can't take it. Should you return or find that final crystal?

Mined the last crystal and good ending:
--------------------------------------
You found it! The last crystal! The whispers and your prediction of your
fate was not able to overcome your ambition. You quickly ran back to
the prison guards that are waiting. However, it looked as someone or
something has attacked as the truck as been damaged and the guards
being killed. Examining them, they have been killed by some sort
of monster based on their wounds.
As you turn around, you see a silhouette of a tall figure. The figure
comes closer and exposes itself as the demon of the damned forest. As
punishment for invading its home, it exposes her true form which is
something humans can not face. However, with all the crystals, you 
expose them to the demon which causes a demonic screech and a fire
portal opening up with it being sunk in returning to hell.
After seeing something terrified, you examine the prisoners for the 
truck keys and start the truck. You drove away from this damned forest,
wishing you never encounter what you have witnessed again.

If you did not collect all the crystals, this would be the bad ending:
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Coming back with X amount of crystals, you bowed your head in shame
not successful in completing your task. You expected the worst, either
another beating or an extension to your sentence. However, as you
returned you find the guards dead. Examining their wounds, they were
attacked by something inhuman. 
As you turn around, you see a silhouette of a tall figure. The figure
comes closer and exposes itself as the demon of the damned forest. As
punishment for invading its home, it exposes her true form which is 
something humans can not face.
As it exposes itself, your worst memories flash before your eyes. The
grief, the sadness, the anger all returning. It is as all of your
happy and positive memories vanished and you have no recollection.
Succumbing to your rapid depression, you take one of the guard's 
knives and stabbed yourself, ending your life. In the end, you are 
another statistic to the rumor of prisoners never coming back from
this forest.

Monster encounter:
------------------
Traversing through this forest, you hear an unusual growl from behind.
You turn to find some beast that seems inhuman.

If a weapon was found, you killed the beast:
--------------------------------------------
Using the weapon that you found, before it has a chance to attack, you
shot your weapon at it, killing it instantly. Being a bit shaken from
the encounter, you know you have to continue on.

If a weapon was not found, it would result in an early death:
-------------------------------------------------------------
You tried outrunning the beast to no avail. You were savagely killed
by the beast as you had no way to protect yourself.

Items:
------
Crystal: Essential for getting good ending. 5 are needed.
Pickaxe: Mines crystal. Good for 2 uses.
Scimitar: Weapon used against hellhound. Good to protect against 1 attack.

Locations:
----------
Abandoned house: House that is in ruins which contains 1 crystal and 
1 pickaxe.

Skeleton: Skeleton of an unfortunate prisoner. Contains 1 pickaxe.

Burned up tree: Tree which contains 1 crystal.

Hostile:
--------
Hellhound: Hostile against player. Possibility of spawning would increase
as player gets more crystals.

Direction/Graph of the game map:
-------------------------------
The game is set to be a 4x4 grid with the player starting at coordinate (1,1).
Locations of certain points of interests (POIs) are TBD. The POIs are the
following: Abandoned House, Skeleton, Burned Tree. POIs will be guaranteed
crystal locations. Remaining 2 would spawn randomly within the map.
House: (1,4) ; Skeleton (3,2); Tree (4,4)
Additional dialogue:
--------------------
This dialogue is to contain that nothing is found within a coordinate and would
instead the following.

Empty coordinate (added at the end
of each message): Observing the surrounding area, nothing can be found.

1: Traversing through this purgatory, the little hope you currently have is
struggling to maintain as escaping would mean certain death after hearing the
rumors that no one can leave.

TBW
